The game is called The Bear and the Piano and it’s based on the book. The story begins with a little bear in a forest with his family when he discovers a piano alone covered in vines. It played a terrible sound when he pressed the keys, but as he grew older, the sound grew more beautiful. All his friends and family listened to the harmonic sounds he’d created when suddenly, a pair of blonde human brothers and sisters appeared, exclaiming he was creating music and he needed to come to the city to perform immediately. At first, the bear hesitantly left his family behind but ultimately followed the children across the river. There the bear played on a grand piano in front of thousands of people every night, but soon that feeling of astonishment grew dim. He missed his family. So one day, he decided to go home and cross the river hurriedly. He returned to the forest to tell his family everything he’d accomplished. However, he couldn’t find them, so he searched and searched until he found a gray bear. He tried to exclaim his joy before they ran away and he chased after them. He found a shaded area with his old piano, his family moved it to avoid sun damage, and all of his music performance posters hung up. His friends and family didn’t hate him for leaving, they followed his journey quietly in the forest. Finally, they appeared and he told them about his adventures while playing again in the forest.

2D Game Build: 
My contribution to the project stemmed from the actual game levels. I created the piano function and the bear game object (the player). I first wanted the piano letters to appear on the screen like in my original WireFrame, but I realized it might confuse users while trying to land properly on the tiles. There was also the issue of adding letters with A1, A2, and A3 which would make it harder for younger players to understand and process, making the game overall frustrating. So instead I decided to swap the colorful piano tiles for highlighted ones (white sprites) when it was their turn to the string sequence. I wanted to build off Piano Tiles and Guitar Hero concepts in my way so instead of highlighting the first 5 keys because that can be confusing, I highlighted only one index in the string array and went from there. Once the user collides with the note, the note becomes unhighlighted and moves on to the next highlighted note in the array. If the user jumps on the wrong note, it’ll unhighlight and start at the beginning of the array once again. The unhighlighting of the wrong note in some cases didn’t work but I think I resolved most of that issue though it may persist. Some other features I added were the win condition of completing the song, you move onto the next level. The loss condition of if you hit the wrong note at any point, it’ll reset to the beginning of the string array, and you lose ⅓ hearts. Finally, there was an out-of-bounds correction if the user jumped too far above the screen, left, right, or fell completely off the map; it would simply teleport the user back to the starting position.  
There are three levels. I decided on the song order based on their difficulty level by the length of the song and if there were super difficult jumps. Song 1: Over the Rainbow by Judy Garland, Song 2: I See the Light (Tangled) by Mandy Moore and Zachary Levi, and Song 3: Remember Me (Coco) by Gabriella Flores and Gael García Bernal. I chose mostly Disney songs because I believe they reflect most newer childhood experiences. I also chose these songs based on the Piano and the Bear narrative. Song 1 is supposed to represent the bear's yearning to become something more (to go to the city) after learning the piano over the years. Song 2 represents the bear finally grasping what he’s been missing and getting the recognition he deserves in the city scene. Finally, Song 3 showcases the reunion with his family and friends (similar to Coco) of the bear coming home showing that heartwarming interaction and hard work. 
Note: All song links can be found in the references and yes I did watch the videos (pause and stop to get the notes) while cutting it down to 30-60 seconds to make it easier for users.
